The alarm clock is ringing out loud
Even though it’s still far from the time I need to wake up
The always worried me thinks (Isn’t this such a trivial thing?)
It’s probably someone’s fault (I'll deal with it myself somehow)
Telling me not to be late (Don’t sweat the small stuff)
They're probably keeping an eye on me.
Once I open my eyes, it all begins
Another day, the same as yesterday
A spring-driven gear starts turning
And the creaking sound it makes
Might mean it’s rusted somewhere
Until what age can we keep dreaming?
Is it still okay to not face reality?
Even if I lose the youthful belief
That hopes will come true,
I might not even notice it.
Until what age can we keep dreaming?
Should I just give up already?
If it’s impossible,
Without saying anything,
Could you tap me on the shoulder?
The town is, as always, unchanged (Just noisy as usual.)
Unproductive. (People bustling about)
It’s filled with lies.
Everyone’s hurrying off somewhere,
Saying they have things to do,
But there’s really nothing that must be done.
Just scrambling for today’s meal,
To keep living another day.
Can love be found somewhere?
Is such happiness just a lie?
Is it true that if you love someone,
They’ll come to your rescue?
Was that rumor I heard long ago a lie?
The trick behind life’s magic
Was revealed too soon, and I was crushed.
No matter how hard I try from now on,
No matter what effort I make,
Will I just end up disappointed someday?
Until what age can we keep dreaming?
Is it pointless to just keep watching?
Even so, until we can confirm it with our own eyes
We stubbornly keep believing in the future
Until what age can we keep dreaming?
Is it still okay to not face reality?
Even if I lose the youthful belief that hopes will come true
I might not even notice it.
Until what age can we keep dreaming?
Should I just give up already?
If it’s impossible,
Without saying anything,
Could you tap me on the shoulder?